some concepts updates (#6307)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/concepts.md

- Server v2.x
---

This guide introduces some basic concepts to help you understand how CircleCI manages your [CI/CD](https://circleci.com/continuous-integration/#what-is-continuous-integration) pipelines.

* TOC
{:toc}

## Projects
{: #projects }

> A CircleCI project shares the name of the associated code repository in your [Version Control System]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/gh-bb-integration/) (VCS). Select **Projects** in the CircleCI web app side bar to enter the projects dashboard. From here you can set up and follow the projects you have access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CircleCI project shares the name of the associated code repository in your [Version Control System]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/gh-bb-integration/) (VCS). Select **Projects** in the CircleCI web app sidebar to enter the projects dashboard. From here you can set up and follow the projects you have access to.
```

Author: Thanks!
